Cleanup outdated warnings and fix spec doc (#1046)
earth-mover/icechunk: docs/docs/faq.md

## Is Icechunk stable?

Yes! Icechunk 1.0, released in July 2025, is a stable release suitable for production use.
Data written by Icechunk 1.0 and greater will forever be readable by future Icechunk versions.

## What is the backwards compatibility policy for the Icechunk format?

> Any data written by Icechunk v1.0 or great will be readable forever by future Icechunk release (backwards compatible).

Reviewer: s/great/greater

But is greater the right word here? newer?

Author: "greater" is the word we want, yes. Greater / lesser is the way we compare numerical values.

> Any data written by Icechunk v1.0 or great will be readable forever by future Icechunk release (backwards compatible).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any data written by Icechunk v1.0 or greater will be readable forever by future Icechunk releases (backwards compatible).
```

> Any data written in a _greater major version_ are not guaranteed to be compatible with a _lesser major version_ (e.g. data written by v2.2 are not guaranteed compatible with v1.1 libraries).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any data written in a _greater major version_ are not guaranteed to be compatible with a _lesser major version_ (e.g. data written by v2.2 are not guaranteed to be readable with v1.1 libraries).
```
